I received an offer to enter university to further my studies.
So my teachers and friends tried to persuade me to just take the offer.
Don't miss out on this golden opportunity.
After we returned home from preaching or for meetings, women from our neighborhood
used to come to our home and say things like,
why are you doing this to your child?
She is such a good girl and she studies so well.
So why can't you send her to a good college?
So I asked myself, what would I like to do with my life?
When I saw brothers and sisters moving into my congregation to assist in the field ministry,
this helped me to set and pursue spiritual goals so that I could eventually pioneer in my congregation.
In all things, my father always helped us to view Jehovah as a real person.
Also, as for my mother, she serves as a regular pioneer.
She shares the experiences she has had and the joy she has felt in the ministry.
So soon after completing high school, I started pioneering.
To live a simple life, I work on a vegetable farm
and this work provides me with income that is just sufficient.
Even though this work is difficult and tiring,
when I go out to preach
and when I meet with the Bible students as well as the young ones
who love and appreciate the Bible truth,
it refreshes my heart to see them.
Their desire and their eagerness to learn about the Bible.
Jeremiah 29-11 helped me to overcome pressures from others
with the firm belief that Jehovah is thinking of giving me a nice future
and a beautiful hope.
Now I have four Bible studies and my father,
who is not a witness, also regularly attends meetings
and studies the Bible.
All these blessings have helped me to see that this life provides true satisfaction
and true happiness. Choosing to serve Jehovah was the best decision
I have made in my life.